Change "ordered mapping" to "ordered map" (#646)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

- A [`SpanKind`](#spankind)
- A start timestamp
- An end timestamp

> - An ordered map of [`Attribute`s](#set-attributes)

Reviewer: Unrelated to your PR but do you remember why it is defined to be ordered? Is this about preserving the insertion order? I'm not sure if that's actually the case in all of our SDK implementations.

Reviewer: Reading over it again... attributes themselves are already key-value pairs, so _a map of attributes_ is actually not correct. Set won't work either, because each key can only appear once regardless of the value.
How about this?
```suggestion
- [`Attribute`s](#set-attributes), a collection of key-value pairs
```
The fact that insertion order should (not must) be preserved is mentioned in the linked section below, so _ordered_ is not necessary here and also not true in all cases.

Author: Done.

> - [`Attribute`s](#set-attributes), a collection of key-value pairs

Reviewer 2: I think it's worth being a bit more explicit as to what we expect to happen with duplicate keys. The actual behavior across different languages could be different, which is fine as long as we describe it. Specifically:
  * some languages may use a map to store attributes and therefore implement last-write-wins for duplicate keys
  * other languages may collect all pairs, including duplicates, and it's up to the tracing backend how to handle that

Author: We already have this about duplicate keys in the **Set Attributes** section:
>Attributes SHOULD preserve the order in which they're set. Setting an attribute with the same key as an existing attribute SHOULD overwrite the existing attribute's value.

Do we need to tell more?
